Wording and clarity edits (#458)
datacarpentry/python-ecology-lesson: _episodes/02-starting-with-data.md

navigate to the workshop directory. If you are working in IPython Notebook be sure
that you start your notebook in the workshop directory.

> Note: while there are Python libraries like [OS Library][os-lib] that can work with our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Does an empty suggestion work to remove this paragraph?

We will begin by locating and reading our survey data which are in CSV format. CSV stands for
Comma-Separated Values and is a common way to store formatted data. Other symbols may also be used, so
you might see tab-separated, colon-separated or space separated files. pandas can work with each of these
types of separators, as it allows you to specify the appropriate separator for your data.

> The first line in the file often has headers to explain what is in each column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
I suggest we remove the sentence about the header and start a new paragraph for the part about data sharing and further details about CSV files.

CSV files (and other -separated value file types) make it easy to share data, and can be imported and exported
from many applications, including Microsoft Excel. For more details on CSV
files, see the [Data Organisation in Spreadsheets][spreadsheet-lesson5] lesson.
We can use Pandas' `read_csv` function to pull the file directly into a [DataFrame][pd-dataframe].

> 

Reviewer 2: The above paragraph is a bit overloaded: first it talks about separators, then mentions headers, then data sharing. Shall we, maybe, split or even trim it?

~~~
{: .language-python}

> Note: when you assign the imported DataFrame to a variable, Python does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Python does not produce any output on the screen  when you assign the imported DataFrame to a variable.
```

~~~
{: .output}

Don't worry: all the data is there! You can confirm this by scrolling upwards, or by
looking at the `[# of rows x # of columns]` block at the end of the output.

> If you use `.head()` to view only a subset of rows, you will observe an output

Reviewer 2: This is our first encounter of `.head()` so... instead of saying `If you use`,  let's declare that we can use `surveys_db.head()` to view only the first few rows of our dataset. I also think we should use variable name here as learners might think that `.head()` is a function on its own and try using it as `.head(something)`

> If you use `.head()` to view only a subset of rows, you will observe an output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `surveys_df.head()` to view only the first few rows of the dataset in an output
```
I suggest this change to apply Maxim's comment.

## Basic Math Functions

If we wanted to, we could apply a mathmatical operation like addition or division

> on an entire column of our data. For example let's multiply all weight values by 2.

Reviewer 2: Please add a comma after "For example".

> on an entire column of our data. For example let's multiply all weight values by 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on an entire column of our data. For example, let's multiply all weight values by 2.
```

> A more practical use of this might be to normalize the data according to a mean, area, or some other value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> calculated from our data.

Reviewer 2: Let's move this sentence to after the code block below.

> calculated from our data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
